docs: make healthcheck page top level doc (#6898)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/pipeline-stages/lifecycle-hooks.md

            containerName: hooks-example* # use a glob pattern to prefix-match the container name and pod name for deployments, stateful-sets, etc.
            podName: hooks-example-deployment*
```

> This config snippet defines a simple `echo` command to run inside the containers that match `podName` and `containerName`, before and after each `kubectl` deploy. The `after` container commands are only run post [status-check]({{< relref "/docs/pipeline-stages/status-check" >}}) on the deployment are complete. Also, unlike the `sync` container hooks, skaffold cannot determine the target container from just the config definition, and needs the `podName` and `containerName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config snippet defines a simple `echo` command to run inside the containers that match `podName` and `containerName`, before and after each `kubectl` deploy. The `after` container commands are only run after the [deployment status checks]({{< relref "/docs/pipeline-stages/status-check" >}}) are complete. Also, unlike the `sync` container hooks, skaffold cannot determine the target container from just the config definition, and needs the `podName` and `containerName`.
```
